4 0 1
beginScreenProperties
major 4
minor 0
release 1
x 272
y 51
w 390
h 470
font "arial-bold-r-12.0"
ctlFont "arial-bold-r-12.0"
btnFont "arial-bold-r-12.0"
fgColor index 14
bgColor index 3
textColor index 14
ctlFgColor1 index 25
ctlFgColor2 index 25
ctlBgColor1 index 3
ctlBgColor2 index 3
topShadowColor index 1
botShadowColor index 11
showGrid
snapToGrid
gridSize 5
endScreenProperties

# (Rectangle)
object activeRectangleClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 0
release 0
x 0
y 0
w 390
h 470
lineColor index 5
fill
fillColor index 5
endObjectProperties

# (Rectangle)
object activeRectangleClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 0
release 0
x 200
y 340
w 185
h 125
lineColor index 14
fill
fillColor index 3
endObjectProperties

# (Rectangle)
object activeRectangleClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 0
release 0
x 200
y 110
w 185
h 220
lineColor index 14
fill
fillColor index 3
endObjectProperties

# (Rectangle)
object activeRectangleClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 0
release 0
x 5
y 110
w 185
h 355
lineColor index 14
fill
fillColor index 3
endObjectProperties

# (Static Text)
object activeXTextClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 1
release 0
x 265
y 440
w 55
h 20
font "arial-bold-r-10.0"
fontAlign "center"
fgColor index 5
bgColor index 3
useDisplayBg
value {
  "N/A"
}
endObjectProperties

# (Static Text)
object activeXTextClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 1
release 0
x 325
y 440
w 55
h 20
font "arial-bold-r-10.0"
fontAlign "center"
fgColor index 5
bgColor index 3
useDisplayBg
value {
  "N/A"
}
endObjectProperties

# (Static Text)
object activeXTextClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 1
release 0
x 325
y 405
w 55
h 20
font "arial-bold-r-10.0"
fontAlign "center"
fgColor index 5
bgColor index 3
useDisplayBg
value {
  "N/A"
}
endObjectProperties

# (Static Text)
object activeXTextClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 1
release 0
x 325
y 380
w 55
h 20
font "arial-bold-r-10.0"
fontAlign "center"
fgColor index 5
bgColor index 3
useDisplayBg
value {
  "N/A"
}
endObjectProperties

# (Static Text)
object activeXTextClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 1
release 0
x 325
y 355
w 55
h 20
font "arial-bold-r-10.0"
fontAlign "center"
fgColor index 5
bgColor index 3
useDisplayBg
value {
  "N/A"
}
endObjectProperties

# (Static Text)
object activeXTextClass
beginObjectProperties
major 4
minor 1
